>> Coming to GaiaSphere.
>> It's called gene keys because
it's all wired into our DNA.
We're actually talking biology.
It's a transformational system.
>> This week on Gaia.
>> You're creating space
for transformation to occur.
You can do it now.
You can do it tomorrow.
You can keep doing it.
>> "Dragonfly
enLightening Talks."
>> We need to demand no
more of the same treatments.
You can have fat
loss that is easy.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> I do believe in a creator or
creator beings that created this
entire simulation, this entire
universe that we are in right
now.
>> On "Open Minds
With Regina Meredith."
>> And when they come out, they
come out biting and fighting,
desperate to cling on to this
world and not go back to that
world.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> We watched for 42 minutes
while a very large black
triangular ship went over the
shipyard, the entire thing.
We could tell that they were
monitoring because we could
see a beam coming down from it.
>> New documentary.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Only on Gaia.